We cannot disable state.
Terraform init does not refresh the state.

The state file along with resource ids maps to real-world resource also tracks metadata like 
resource dependencies.

1st use case: Track dependencies.
    Say, u have deleted the resource and 1 other resource which was dependent on the deleted resource. 
    At this point of time terraform relies on state file to delete the dependent resource 1st.

2nd use case: Performance.
    Terraform stores a record of cache of attribute values for all resources in the state and we can specifically make 
    terraform to refer to the state file alone while running commands and bypass having to refresh state every time.
    This can be achieved by using -refresh=false flag with all the terraform cmmds that makes use of state.
    When we run the plan with this flag, you can see that terraform does not refresh state, instead it relies on the 
    cache attributes.

3rd use case: Collaboration when woring as a team.
    In a learning purpose it's alright to leave the state file in the same dir. But, in big projects and teams, everyone
    are required to be updated with latest state file before running terraform and to mae sure that nobody runs terraform 
    at the same time.
    If it's done then it may result in unpredictable errors as a consequence.
    To mitigate this scenario, it's required to store state file in a remote data store rather than to rely 
    on a local copy.

You don’t learn to walk by 
following rules. You learn 
by doing, and falling over.
– Richard Branson


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Terraform State Considerations.

State file stores sensitive data in plain text, every little detail about our infra. Due to this it's 
not recommended to store this file in any type of version contolled systems like GitHub, BitBucket, etc.
Instead it's good practice to store it in remote storage unit.

We should not manually attempt to edit the state file by ourselves.
If we want to edit the state file then it's best to used terraform state cmmds.