Terraform Validate: This will validate if the configuration file syntax is correct. If everything is correct, then 
                    console will display success message. If there is an error in the file, then terraform will 
                    highlight it in the console display and hints to fix it.
                    The terraform apply failed in spite of our validation working! 
                    This is because the validate command only carries out a general verification 
                    of the configuration. It validated the resource block and the argument syntax but 
                    not the values the arguments expect for a specific resource!
            >terraform validate

Terraform Format: This command scans the configuration files in the current working directory and formats the code 
                  into a canonical format. This will help in improving the rediability of the terraform config file.
                  When used it will display the files which has been changed.
            >terraform fmt

Terraform Show: When used, will show the current state of the infra as seen by terraform. -json flag will display the 
                file resource in JSON format.
            >terraform show
            >terraform show -json

Terraform Providers: This will list out all the providers used in the config dir.
                >terraform providers

                >terraform providers mirror /root/terraform/....
                This will help us to copy provider plugins needed for the current config to another dir mentioned 
                in the path specified after mirror.

>terraform output
>terraform output <variable_name>

Terraform Refresh: This will help us sync Terraform with the real-world infra. If there are any changes made to a 
                   resource created by Terraform outside it's control, such as a manual update, then terraform will 
                   pick it up and update the state file. Refresh will run automatically by other command such as 
                   plan and apply, -refresh=false used in such type of cmmd will bypass the refresh cmmd.
                >terraform refresh

Terraform Graph: This will display the visual representation of the dependencies and a Terraform config or an 
                 execution plan. When executed, it will display the output in DOT format. To make more sense of it, we 
                 need to install graph visualization s/w such as Graphviz
            >terraform graph
            >terraform graph | dot -Tsvg > graph.svg



Do the best you can. No one 
can do more than that.
– John Wooden